+++
  title = "CyberNews: 19/08/2025 Edition"
  date = "2025-08-19"
  description = "PyPI updates its account security mechanism to block emails linked to 1,800 expired domains, aiming to reduce supply‑chain attack risk.
The change requires PyPI..."

  [extra]
  author = { name = "Dunateo", social= "https://github.com/Dunateo" }
  +++
<html><body>
<h1>Today’s roundup</h1>
<ul>
  <a href='https://thehackernews.com/2025/08/pypi-blocks-1800-expired-domain-emails.html'><li>PyPI Blocks 1,800 Expired-Domain Emails to Prevent Account Takeovers and Supply Chain Attacks</li></a>
</ul>
<h2>Summary</h2>
<p>PyPI updates its account security mechanism to block emails linked to 1,800 expired domains, aiming to reduce supply‑chain attack risk.<br>The change requires PyPI to verify that a user’s domain is active before allowing access credentials to be sent.<br>If a domain is expired, any emails containing that domain are denied, preventing attackers from redirecting password‑reset links.<br>Python maintainers explained the move was prompted by recent supply‑chain incidents where attackers leveraged abandoned domains.<br>Mike Fiedler, PyPI safety and security engineer, noted the update enhances overall account security and cuts a potential attack vector.<br>The implementation does not affect existing valid domains and is rolled out in all user‑account flows.<br>This proactive step strengthens the integrity of PyPI’s user authentication process and mitigates a known threat pathway.</p>
</body></html>